Added text if you need access to service (#993)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/troubleshooting/_index.md

### I'm seeing other errors, please help

Get in touch with us, either through the [Community Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com) or by emailing our support team: [support@pulumi.com](mailto:support@pulumi.com).

## I can't connect to the Pulumi Service

If your network blocks external traffic and you're using the Pulumi Service to manage your state, your security team may need the following details to allow the Pulumi CLI to connect to the Service:

>  * The URL that the Pulumi CLI uses to connect to the Service is `https://api.pulumi.com`. (It does not use `https://app.pulumi.com`, so if you want to view the console, you'll need enable that as well.)
>  * All access goes over HTTPS via port 443.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The URL that the Pulumi CLI uses to connect to the Service is `https://api.pulumi.com`. (It does not use `https://app.pulumi.com`, so if you want to view the console, you'll need enable that as well.)
* All access goes over HTTPS via port 443.
```

### I'm seeing other errors, please help

Get in touch with us, either through the [Community Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com) or by emailing our support team: [support@pulumi.com](mailto:support@pulumi.com).

> ## I can't connect to the Pulumi Service

Reviewer: could we maybe work network into the heading?

> If your network is locked down to external traffic, you're using the service to manage your state, and your security team need to give you access to the service then here's the information you can pass over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your network is locked down to external traffic, you're using the service to manage your state, and your security team needs to give you access to the service then here's the information you can pass over.
```

> If your network is locked down to external traffic, you're using the service to manage your state, and your security team needs to give you access to the service then here's the information you can pass over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your network blocks external traffic and you're using the Pulumi Service to manage your state, your security team may need the following details to allow the Pulumi CLI to connect to the Service:

 * The URL that the Pulumi CLI uses to connect to the Service is `https://api.pulumi.com`. (It does not use `https://app.pulumi.com`, so if you want to view the console, you'll need enable that as well.)
 * All access goes over HTTP via port 443.
```

The URL that the Pulumi CLI connects to is: `https://api.pulumi.com` (not `https://app.pulumi.com`, although if you want to view the console then you'll need access to that as well).

> All access goes over HTTPS via port 443.

Reviewer 2: If your network blocks external traffic and you're using the Pulumi Service to manage your state, your security team may need the following details to allow the Pulumi CLI to connect to the Service:

 * The URL that the Pulumi CLI uses to connect to the Service is `https://api.pulumi.com`. (It does not use `https://app.pulumi.com`, so if you want to view the console, you'll need enable that as well.)
 * All access goes over HTTP via port 443.

> All access goes over HTTPS via port 443.

Reviewer 2: If your network blocks external traffic and you're using the Pulumi Service to manage your state, your security team may need the following details to allow the Pulumi CLI to connect to the Service:

 * The URL that the Pulumi CLI uses to connect to the Service is `https://api.pulumi.com`. (It does not use `https://app.pulumi.com`, so if you want to view the console, you'll need enable that as well.)
 * All access goes over HTTP via port 443.

> If your network is locked down to external traffic, you're using the service to manage your state, and your security team needs to give you access to the service then here's the information you can pass over.
> 
> The URL that the Pulumi CLI connects to is: `https://api.pulumi.com` (not `https://app.pulumi.com`, although if you want to view the console then you'll need access to that as well).
> 
> All access goes over HTTPS via port 443.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your network blocks external traffic and you're using the Pulumi Service to manage your state, your security team may need the following details to allow the Pulumi CLI to connect to the Service:

 * The URL that the Pulumi CLI uses to connect to the Service is `https://api.pulumi.com`. (It does not use `https://app.pulumi.com`, so if you want to view the console, you'll need enable that as well.)
 * All access goes over HTTP via port 443.
```
